---
title: Insert title here
key: 4b324f55577ad2685db07ab5a50c9358

---
## Graphing continuous data

```yaml
type: "TitleSlide"
key: "bf385a6589"
```

`@lower_third`

name: Joe Ganser
title: Data Scientist


`@script`
In this lesson we will learn the methods and techniques selecting the right graphs for continuous data


---
## Graphing continuous data: the strategy

```yaml
type: "FullSlide"
key: "e590af97ff"
```

`@part1`
Selecting the right graph depends upon:

* The goal of our analysis
* The context in which the data is structured


`@script`
Graphing continuous data when working with surveys begins with selecting what kind of graph we need based upon two things;

* The goal of our analysis
* The context in which the data is structured


---
## Graphing continuous data: data structure

```yaml
type: "FullSlide"
key: "4e5b54e536"
```

`@part1`
When our goal is well defined we then must know our data structure
* Are the continuous variables associated with categorical ones?
* Are we dealing with percentages or parts of a whole?
* Are we plotting continuous variables against each other?
* etc.


`@script`
When our goal is well defined we then must know our data structure
* Are the continuous variables associated with categorical ones?
* Are we dealing with percentages or parts of a whole?
* Are we plotting continuous variables against each other?
* etc.

There are many possibilities to choose from, so lets focus on common important examples


---
## A case example: Graphing for Hypothesis testing

```yaml
type: "FullSlide"
key: "b8f189f122"
```

`@part1`
Hypothesis testing is a common goal

* Selecting the right hypothesis test depends upon data distribution shape

* To determine the shape, we construct a histogram.

Example scenario: We want the histogram of body height measurements for people to later hypothesis test if men and women are on average the same height.


`@script`
One common goal with survey data is hypothesis testing. But to perform a hypothesis test we must first determine the distribution shape of the data so we can select the right test. We can find the shape using a histogram.

In this example scenario we want to see the shape of the histogram for height (cm) so we can later determine what kind of hypothesis test to use.


---
## Let's practice!

```yaml
type: "FinalSlide"
key: "7f763c997a"
```

`@script`


